Update readme to transition the product-initiatives repo to the product-roadmap repo (#47)
medic/product-initiatives: README.md

# CHT Product Roadmap
In this repository, you can find the Community Health Toolkit product roadmap. The product roadmap serves as a plan for how the Community Health Toolkit will grow to realize our vision; it is where you can learn about what product initiatives we are working on and what stage they are in. Please note, the roadmap is subject to change, especially further out on the timeline.

We are iterating on the format of the roadmap, and we value the engagement of Community members to discuss the future of CHT features and functionality. Have any questions or comments about items on the roadmap or roadmap format? Join the discussion over on the [Community Health Toolkit Forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org/c/product/roadmaps/25).

## Guide to the Roadmap

### What is a product initiative?

> Product initiatives are high-level priorities that are completed to make progress on a theme. Initiatives are often worked on over multiple releases. An initiative owner is assigned to each prioritized initiative to flesh out the initiative’s objective(s), draft a roadmap, and break it down into release-sized chunks that can be scheduled in a product release. 

Author: Looks good. Fixed a couple of typos

### Roadmap Stages
The roadmap is arranged on a project board to give a sense for how far out each item is on the horizon. Every initiative is added to a particular project board column according to when it is expected to be worked on.  The roadmap is organized into “now” “next” and “later” categories to communicate the product areas that we are focused-on to solve core product challenges or harness opportunities:

> | Stage | Description | Activities |
> | --- | --- | --- |
> | **Now** | Initiatives currently being worked on | UI design, deployment plan, engineering specs, impact validation |
> | **Next** | Initiatives coming up soon | Defining product initiatives, and concept notes with partners | 
> | **Later** | Initiatives that we’d like to work on in the future but need to do more research before they are ready for prioritization | High-level concepts with lots of flexibility | 

Reviewer: Great table! 

The activities and description may need some tweaks -- some suggestions:

```suggestion
| Stage | Description | Activities |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Now** | Initiatives currently being worked on | Design, development, and release of related features and improvements |
| **Next** | Initiatives we'll likely be pursuing next | Scope out features and improvements with partners| 
| **Later** | Initiatives we may take on later | Early exploration of high level requirements, as well as partners and funding opportunities | 
```
